Move info to describe and describe id (#1419)
temporalio/documentation: docs/tctl/workflow/describe.md

### `--run_id`

Specify a [Run Id](/concepts/what-is-a-run-id).

> If a Run Id is not provided, the command will show the latest Workflow Execution of that Workflow Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Run Id is not provided, the command shows the latest Workflow Execution of that Workflow Id.
```
